hi i'm tim cardiff a masterbuilder comm
and i'm here today to talk a little bit
about a really neat off-road utility
vehicle it's the Kawasaki Mule 4010 this
thing is an awesome off-road vehicle
that can really help you if you're a
hunter fisherman or maybe even a
contractor
the Kawasaki mule has got a really great
finish that with a camouflage it just
blends into nature you can't beat that
it's got a fantastic two cylinder 617
cubic centimeter engine and great fuel
injection it really really does a
fantastic job in fact the list of
features of this is so long I can't even
possibly tell you about everything in
this video but let's talk a little bit
about the four-wheel drive this has got
both two-wheel and four-wheel drive and
an even has locking differentials so
when you really need to get up a steep
hill or you need to really go through
the mud this Kawasaki vehicle can do it
it's got four seats for four people but
if you only want to have two people in
an extended cargo bed area you can do
that so it's really really a great
vehicle remember you can just tilt up
the back of the vehicle to get access to
all the mechanics really easy to work on
well I'll tell you what that was a
pretty neat ride and I want to tell you
these are really neat vehicles there are
so many features I could probably spend
a half an hour telling you everything
about this mule but all I want you to do
is just go to a Kawasaki dealer yourself
and look at one Kawasaki's not paying me
a penny to say any of this I also want
to remind you if you decide to get one
of these machines and ride it please
please please read all of the safety
information
you know gloves long sleeves long pants
you know construction type boots helmet
goggles you know this thing doesn't have
a windshield so you don't want to be
riding this thing around and get
something in your eye and then not be
able to see so really really important
to read the safety instructions and you
know what this kind of vehicle it's
going to save you a lot of time a lot of
money and you're gonna have a lot of fun
with it as long as you're careful
I'm Tim Carter for ask the Builder calm
I hope you discovered something helpful
and useful in that video because I sure
enjoyed taping it for you if you want
great tips like that each week all you
have to do is sign up for my free ask
the Builder comm newsletter it's got two
reviews product reviews all kinds of
really helpful tips and best of all it's
free just click that link right below in
the description of this video and sign
up now if you want to discover more home
improvement tips go to ask the Builder
calm